In regards to the article " The Internet is a Waste- land, So Give Kids Better Places to GO GOGO" Dear Ars Goldberg, Madam, Ital am writing to you in regards to the thesis , that the right spaces and opportunities, children will get off their phones, that you present in your article I completely agree with this thesis. From a personal perspective I have had the chance to enjoy day. ingr, going to birthday party's and participating that in parks many more fun activities as a child. These memories have shown me and experiences have demonstrated me the fact that being soron- ded by other children or just being outside of playing by oneself won't lead to in nearly every case won't lead to children wanting to use their phones Even though children tempt to not use their phones when being Being around other children leads children to socialize who make new friends and enjoy their time together. On the other hand phones, computer-games and the Internet offer the exact same option to kids now- adnys, Specially especially by playing video- games children can spent hours playing and making friends online wich prevents, them from getting of their screens as #replaces and erases childrens need and urge to meet new Friends and go outside to play and have fun. Even though it is very positive that the virtual would allows & children socialize and enjoy them selves and it shouldn't be forced test prioritized over doing the exact same thing in the real world. While being outside, and enjoying childhood around other kids represent, negative benefits there doesn't are numerous studies that i specially children show that specially for children #spending to much time infront in front of screens and playing video games leads to negative benefits for children. From exe problems to back complains From sitting in bad From ete problems from looking to much at the screen to back complains from bad posture while sitting and playing games to kids developing vivideogame based addictions, It is proven that children are negatively affected by the digital world. In my opinion specialY parents should be focusing on preventing their children From spending too much in the virtual world and an environment where the urge to play videogames to have fun and make new" Creating the right enviroment to achieve for child children to not even get on their phones is an easy task. It doesn't require Funding, infrastructure anything but tet able to day, go outside and make friends. * friends, is non-existing 2 children being * I am looking forward to your response. greeting Greeting Yours sincerely , 