The boys love to play their videsgames , With friends or atone lonely , Hey really like it. They have their con ecosystem, with the games they like and with all the possible configurations in their set-ups. They Feel like heaven who they are playing with their Friends onlyinc. f& As & Ia buy myself I he have to admit, I had really good times playing video games. I would even consider one of the best times of my life, when Fortnite was launched . I just got gifted the new PS4 and my friends would come home and we would play this video gamer for hours before ou Football training. So, my past experience makes me wonder after having road Michelle Goldbug's article . Would childry really get off their planes and video games if given the right spaces and opportunities? But before discussing this, let's take a look at the language she uses to get her message across. In the title of her article we can already se her opinion. " The Intact is a Wasteland, So hive Kids Better Places to ho" (v. O [ title]). She starts with a way negative words to describe the internet , Wasteland, internet is a waste of load, that is what she thinks. She Follows saying that kids should receive a better place to go because for has the interact is not nough. She starts the high describing a "odd experience" of nodding, which is to be right with something or someone, with someone who strongly critisied Mark Zuckerberg. This makes it easier to know where the stands In this discussion. So we already know she uses this language to state clear his mlikelyness to M.Z. but she eva describes him asivillain, a supervillain (11. 1-2). She also nos odds that M.Z. has " blood on his hands". So she was all this negative words like tag . wasteland, berated, odd experience, supervillain and eva uses the instance " You have blood on your hands", only to give a clear start of what he thinks about the topic . Here we already know she is probably against all this things she criticises. She is probably also against BA Donald Trump and can see this why she describes as a progressive crwachs and perhaps Donald Trump's single most effective antagonist ". The author really gives importance to the relation and the consequences between social media and the young people . Using words such as "proliferation of addictive "social media algorithmes" this is how she describes the social media, and the " collapse of young people's mental health" giving such bed and negatively affected examples like "depression", "suicide" and "self-harm" (vr. 9-10). All this really but sad examples to make clear what the social media is doing to the young people. She also gives an example of personal experience about a young girl who had to find a psychiatric during the pandemic . She says that what social media is doing to kids is broad and bipartisan but alco alarming as we can use in 6.23 " alarme". This mean_ that she thinks this is a problem For absolutely everyone, everyone is affected, Democrats and Republicans. We can also appreciate that this topic is very important to her, as she thinks that Jonathan Haidt's new book is important, " his important new book" (6. 14) . She objects that kids Burger andz atkation shift From hoz propioat work lo are bosing his energy and attention in the real world. As we see in Times 16 to 182. She even uses the classic ward "catastrophic" to describe the situation, especially For girls. Michelle Goldberg Follows the text with a " nightmarish enough" Kalorien ( 1. 18) description of the Female addrescase betare smartphones, so imagine what about now, she is trying to say. She uses words like " popularity contests " and " unrealistic beauty standards " to describe lashagan and Tik Tok. In the opposition to girls, she mations that boys have "more problems linked to oversee of video games and porn " ( Lb. 20-21 ) which is obviously something very bad and negative for its own health . The author Follows it's opinion saying that Haidt studies " should " put to bed "(14. 21-22) the notion that encore over kids and phones is just a moral panic atic, saying that it's is much more important than what is think this, and that we should give much more importance to it than what we do. Later on, she uses " so far, the answer has been net much " and " In the absence of fedual action " the show how no are and no big federal institution have done nothing about it. (1. 27, 29) In a very interesting way, she criticises the way social media that comparing use to keep the kids " clued" to their phones . The auther use the word "ined " (6. 34) to criticise this algoritling of extrare contacte so with all this words,"externe" and "glad" she exposes this companies who frugt kids really bad, or at leach this is what Ms. holdboy is trying with his language. She also uses more than once the title of the book " The Anxious huvation" to describe what we, the youngsters, wo due to the social media and the internet. After that, she the words " bab les " ( b. 25) to describe have much freedom kids have in comparison to its parents . She itself would prefer to have their kids playing wand, the spading have " interacting with Friends " molbubyly on apps libre Roblox". (bb. S1-82), to she says this to clarity what she would do with his two kids. One of the most importante sutances in the whole next is in line 36, when she says " It demonstrates lew ... officier socializing " Using words like " demonstrates" to what it shows, " the right physical unionment" to many opportunities, and "can accesage offerien socializing" to explain that given the good oportunity, kids will get off their screens. In line bb, hur lant sentences which the save up everything she said doing the beach, she says "off line" to refor that necessity that the kids got off their soccer and go to " better place", ical liter places, to play. Dear Ms. holdberg, I am writing to you to discuss your thesis in the article that was published on the 1 of Masch of 2024. On the one hand , I understand every aspect you talk about . I also think there are big social problems with the young people . abiously the internet and the social media have changed a lot it's adolescences. I do believe there are addictive and psychological social media algorithms, and that this is connected to the big problems we here they have with it's mental health . It makes no really sad the rising raky of depression , the yangshus who have suicidal thoughty or the andy that suffer from self- harm. I also know that the kids are looking not only altation bul also interest in the physical wald. I myself had to delete apps like Instagram or Tik Tok because these had me feed For hours, as you say. I also think you are right on your Phone -Free schools policy, I myself want to a school like that, BS and I Found it very nice. You can play or talk with your friends without the online - depadres some have. When I heard the "Anxious hanvation" name at First I laughed, but in a good way, because I really think that name represents the current situation. It Feels as if the young people needed constat stimulation or constant high levels of dopamine. Alean what we know is that all this requires acroce From the social media they sure and From the internet. So , as I said, one the me hand I really think like you and I share your opinion on the need For charge , and the need to give these kids a better place to go . 