The autiche " The Internet is a Wasteland , jo Give kids Better Places to Go", which was written by Michelle Goldberg and published on the New York Times the 1st of March 2024 , talks about the concerns on kids spending too muchtime on the Internet and posible & solutions . The author has the intention of convincing the readers of the enormous effects the virtual world is causing to the young people and encouraging them to take action in order to find an answer to the problem . In following we will De analyzing the language the author uses to get her message across. First of all, one should stress the importance of the notoriously large amount of metaphors Michelle Goldber, Include along his text 4 One of these ( actually belongs to ashe uses quote that in the first paragraph : "You have blood on your hands " ( 1.4 ) . The fact that she implements this quote makes it clear that the author wants to tell the leader tngt CEO'S and important persons of the big social media companies are causing on crvene damage to a majority of their users, mainly 2+ to kids, Using the form "to have blood in your hands " causes a very impactful image # on the readers wind ou that points out how these evil powerful companies are destroying many peoples lives. leader Later on the text, we can find another metaphor : " should pour to ked the notion that concerns over kids and yhaus is just a modern moral panic". (11, 21-22), with this stylistic device, Goldberg makes a very clear statement on news why the worries about the effects of the virtual word have to be taken serlaws and that the persons that don't believe in this matter have to rethink their opinion . By Creating an image of the loose and not serious concerns being erradi - cated she is able to convince more and more people to join her fight. We can also observe the use of a third methopor in ander to describe the current situation of the youth in relation to their devices i keeping them glued to their phones x (1.34). This particular description makes the reader conscious of the catastrophical situation . The fact that she considers the phones to be glued to the Ulds bodies brings out now independent people nowadays are to their mobile phones . When the reader is able to makevon image of the described scene, he automatically himself received the message the author is trying to get across. Wethapors are not the only stylistic device Goldberg uses to conumcy the leader . We can also agree that there are plenty of negative connotated words ces on the different paragraphs of the autiche, for example, she uses the nown " Supervill en (1.2) when letering to Luan Zuckerby. This characterisation , on one hand, is a very precise mint for the reader to understand the role of the CEO of Cuenta in the Eyes of Goldberg : On the other hand , it brings the leader to think that he should take care of how he lets this person influence in his te since it is obvious that one should protect himself against the hazard 1 of a supervillain. This means, people will probably start considering how arpos the facebook influence their lives . Two negative connotated adjectives can be found in the lines where the author is trying to explain the situation at young boys and girls. The first one is located in line 17 where he describes the shift of focus from the physical would to the virtual one , which she I considers to be estas " Catastrophic " . The second adjective is implemented by Godbey when describing the dangers of doing faced to hours at contact with the virtual world. She says kids remain "more vulnerable" to being ipsychologi- 171x cally damaged . With these two negative connotation the autor creates an idea on the readers that humans minds are highly affected by too much interaction with the internet . finally, itsh is fundamental to point out the most impactful stylistic device used by michelle Golodtog in her article. This device is so relevant, that she decided to make use of it in the topic sentence: " The Internet is a Wasteland " ( 1.0). Comparing and character using the Indenet as a thisteland leaves a remarkable impact on the way the leader sees it, Is it might be obvious, a wasteland has nothing to offer but garbage, and is an extremely toxic place where are cannot live and be healthy. This is the image the author wants to give from the internet and the virtual would , She wants to let us know that it has nothing good to offer to the kids. Especially for parents, this statement is very likely to change the way they let their children interact with the Internet, as no dered fature and no mother in the world would like to bet they leids spend so many hours in such a toxic place, In conclusion , we can say that the actor implements many well- used rhetorical devices in order to get her message across. Go are can see in the previous analysis, Michelle Goldberg is successful in using an adequate and impactful language in order to convince the reader of the dangers of the virtual world and considering joining the cause of keeping kids away for the Internet. from 