Good morning Mrs. Goldberg, I hope you are fine and able to read my. message ! Today, I read your article about children and the use of their phones and I would like to comment some aspects to you First of all , in our society is very . difficult children to get children off their phones . This device has become like their "best friend", where they can search any type of information, communicate with others and be entertained. For example, a passe who has a long-distance relationship has no other option than be connected to his phone to communicate with his girlfriend. I know that this is a special case, but like this one there is a lot. That is why in i some situations the use of the phone is difficult to control. However, you have a point talking about right spaces for children. It is very important to offer adecuated spaces for them where they feel free and can communicate with others in person. I support your fantastic idea of having more parks , food courts, movie theaters and others. Moreover, I would like to add another great aspect related with this . Children need to disconnect after a long day of school, that is why I propose to add areas with banks, , Swings and other distractions for them to play with their friends and be all together . Finally , parents need to be aware of their children and help them to communicate with others. With this I mean that parents have to collaborate Ky Take their childrens to the porn or spaces. where they can meet with their friends and do not have the boys and girls the entire day closed at home. Thanks to this little efforts #parents will achieve that their children get off their phones and meet with their friends in person. In conclusion, control the use of children's phones is on aspect that involves the parents and the children itself and everyone needs to put a little bit of effort to make a good use of the device. It is also very important the addition of parks, food courts and all type of spaces onel opportunities for then. I hope you understand my message If you have any question do not think twice and contact me back in this Some email adress. e-mail Lake Sincerely, 