Have you ever wondered , what is like, to be a kid and don't spend time playing with your friends at the park on your free time? Many kids nowadays spend their entire weekend in front of a screen playing videogames or looking at social media . Activities like going to the park or doing sport with friends are being erased from the day - to-day lifes of many young people and instead their screen time is increasing. This is what phone and social media addiction causes. Michelle Goldberg talks about this topic in her article of The 11 Internet is a wasteland, So Give kids Better places to Go. She explains the situation of many US citizens and gives her opinion own op sion. Throughout the article we see that the writer uses specific words and stylistic devices that have an influence on the readers opinion about the topic, First of all, one can notice the use of words with a negative connotation as talking about social media and , in general phone addiction. Words like depression (1.10), suicidal thoughts (R. 10) A psychological damage (1.25 ) or predatory ( 1.32 ) , influence the reader to create a bad inage when thinking about this topic and to emphasize in the damage that this things do. This technique is usually used by politicians when they talk about the rival parties to create a bad inage of them in the minds of the ir listeners The witter also uses mony exaggerated words and hyperboles to emphasize in the size of the problem. For example in lines a to 10 ( the collapse of young people's mental health" ), exaggerating the problems young people can have due to social media, Also in lines 19 to 20 , when talking about the hyperdrive , into which unrealistic beauty standards and popularity contests can lead. Throughout the article we find contrasts as woll. For example the use of two opposed words like under protected (1.42) and over - protected ( R. 43) or, of she talks obect what the government could do against it ( 1.36: " small but potentially significant steps') . Goldberg uses this stylistic device to create two different totally different scenarios and exaggerate in some cases. Another point is the constant use of the first person . In the majority of the article the writer uses the first person of the singular, we see that in many lines like for example lire 48 (("I kept thinking "), Merak line 24 ("I suspect) or line 50 ("I would"). In many of this coses she uses it to give her opinion about a topic . However , we see that the author changes to the plaidl "we" in the final sentences as she talks to the reader in order to take action together against the issue . In this case , she uses the plural to include the reader to the matter and make him also responsible to do something against it Finally we see some enumerations in the article, (le 64-65:" .. opportunities for children to and teens to play, room and engage in Other .. '1) (Q. 10:" depression, socidial thoughts and self -harm). These are used to create a sequence of things she is talking about. 