In the article "The Internet is a Wasteland, So give Kids Bett & Better Places to GO" the author Michelle Goldberg erarges with the issue of kids nowadays being addicted to the virtual world. Throughout the article he with the article the author intents to point out the sevearness of this problem and the use to take action against it. He his writting at on the speaci the specially aimsto writing at parents. He wants to make them aware of the charges that Internet addiction poses To convey message she relies on multiple her the She her language by using using numerous stylistic devices. Thought the text this choice of words plays a big role in conveying the message. Throughout the text there are multiple very negativer adjectives like "catastrophic"(1.77) or "nightmarish" (1.78). using such words he he appeals to the readers emotion. These strong adjectives create an impact on the reader as it makes him realize that he is facing a extremely serious matter and problem. also cells on enumerations to convey his Message. When mentioning, New York's attorney general Letitia James the author enumerates the effects negative effects on the youth's mental health caused by social media algorithmst. Here again the reader comes to realization of the severines of the issue that has multiate as Michelle Gold- berg demonstrates the multiple negative outcomes * the digital world poses for children. that are caused by the addition to the virtual world. On the other side the author strengthens his points as he is capable of showing not one but a high number of examples that proof his view. to jetation In regards to the Fot rethorical devices copied by Michelle Goldberg there are metanhos in the lines 75-76; " an Epidemic of Mental Illness" and the times- line& 34;" keeping them glued to their phones. BY using metaphors be is able to create me make the reader use his imagination to Create an image of the concept he is trying to explain. This way the point that is being explained is more understandable and makes even makes it more rememberable because it is easier for the reader to recall and remember animage than specific stadstics and facts On the other hand there is a contrast in the lines 42-43; "kids are unprotected on the internet, they're overprotected in the real world" by doing doing this Michelle Goldberg provokes the reader to read through the lines and to engage more with In this case Michelle Gold berg directly points out* * of the severness of phone addiction and the danger (epidemic) it goes on a global level * the hipocres in regards to the low amount of protection that the younger generations recieve when using the internet. By doing this Michelle Goldberg Forces the reader forengage with the issue and to point out with the issue by know time how the exactly letting him . should not confront the issue shouldre Michelle Goldberg uses a variety of devices in regards to the language in article. She is cote to create an impact on the reader and make het points rememberable is able to convey message in different ways making remember rable and creating an impact on the reader, and wecall the parents. 